[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So basically what I did
here was if you look at the solution,
there's a lot of stuff here.
Like I added a whole bunch of folders and
stuff.
So the first thing I did
was is in the index.js
there was a hello world component there,
right?
So what I did was I used the provider
to provide the store and
I wrapped the welcome component, which
is gonna be this welcome screen here.
I just call this the welcome screen.
So that's gonna be my root for now until
we get into navigation, which is next.
So I just put that in the root and
then I have these reducers,
this thing called containers that we
didn't talk about and then I have actions.
So let's just look at
the store right quick.
So the store is literally just creating
a store with a root reducer, nothing new,
nothing fancy here.
We have we talked about this a couple
times that we didn't look at
the root reducer.
So I adopted a new pattern here where
I have each reducer has its own file.
Let's open all the reducers in one
file and that's pretty much it.
So that reduces I thought appropriate
based on the designs were to have
a reducer for UI and what I did in here
was I noticed that there was a modal.
If we look at the design, if we click
Start Workout and you click this,
this thing pops up right here,
this is a modal.
So I wanted the state of that
modal to be inside a redux so
that anywhere in my application
I can open or close that modal.
So whether that's
the visibility of that modal,
I put inside the UI state inside of Redux.
So I made a UI reducer and
then it has a property on it called
exercise, I spelled it right,
look at that, exerciseModal was default
to false which means it's not open.
And then if it gets an action
called set exercise visibility,
it just sets the visibility to whatever
the payload is, true or false.
And then later on in the application I'm
gonna listen for this state and the modal,
when that's true, it's gonna pop up and
when it's false, it's gonna close.
So anywhere in the app I can
change a state and it's amazing.
This is where Redux shines,
whereas typically you would hard
code this data like a component somewhere
like this.modal.open and this.modal.close.
And then if you want to use it
somewhere else, you're like wait.
How do I use this somewhere else now?
So this is where Redux is
keeping this state here.
I can now do things and it's pretty cool.
I could even fire off another action
which will fire this action and
have my own side effect
chain if I wanted to.
So I decided to do that there.
I also have this exercises,
something I told you I,
I brought in the initial state that I
supplied for you [INAUDIBLE] killing me.
So the initial state that I
supplied in initialState,js,
I just brought it in here and
set it to the initial state for exercises.
So I brought it exercises as initState and
just set it equal here,
not doing anything with it.
We're probably not going to modify
the state for the exercises.
Not today, you can do that if you
want to continue working on this app.
And then for current workout
I created a reducer because we need
to keep track of the current workout.
And that's just going to be an array.
So the actions that I created here were
to fetch the current workout and add
an exercise to the workout and you notice
that I put this complete thing on it.
We're gonna talk about that later and the
reason I decided to put complete on these
action types is because these
are gonna be asynchronous actions.
And usually asynchronous actions
have two or three types.
You'll have a type that's fired,
an action that's dispatch when you
start the asynchronous thing and then
an action that's fetched when it's done.
And possibly another action to
fetch when it errors out, so
that's an asynchronous action,
we're going to get later.
So I only want to change the state
when the ansynchronous action is done.
So I have a different type called
workout complete and complete for
action or for at exercise.
And I'm not doing anything for
the ones that start, but you could.
For instance let's say you want to show
a loading spinner when you call fetch
current workout which
will go to a server so
you would somewhere like maybe UI
which controls the loading spinner.
You would have like loadingSpinner and
that'll be set to false,
but on case where,
we would say fetch work out exercise,
we would set loadingSspinner to true.
But then, when loading exercise is
complete, we set loadingSpinner to false
so it'll stop right when the async
action is done by itself.
So, that's where you use something
like that which is pretty cool.
Any question on that so far and
this is just my opinion on
what I thought would be right.
Like you could put all this in one
reducer if you wanted to, this is how
I decided to break it out and then
an index is where I just combine them all.
So I just made an index.js inside
the reducers and I combine them all here.
>> Scott Moss: So if you've used
Node before then you'll understand
the pattern of the index.js.
If you've never used Node before,
putting an index.js inside of a folder,
when you import or
required from that folder by default
it's gonna require the index.js file.
So, I don't have to specify index.js.
So, it's a great pattern to
place all the modules for
a certain folder inside
of inside of index.js so
when we import it like inside of store,
I'm only importing the reducer's folder.
I didn't have to say reducer/index.js,
I just import reducers,
which is going to import this folder which
by default is gonna import the index js
which is exporting this.
So we're gonna use that pattern a lot
using index.js inside of the folders.
It's a Node thing, so
I highly recommend it.
Or I guess it's a common JS thing,
not a Node thing.
Any questions on that so far?
No, all right.
And then let's actually run this.
>> Scott Moss: [INAUDIBLE] have an alias.
>> Scott Moss: And all right,
so while that's building,
let's look at the other stuff I did here.
So containers,
I said it briefly earlier, but
they're going to be types
of component that we have.
We're gonna have containers and
we're gonna have UI components or
representation or
presentational components.
Container components, you could think of
as just components that are just like
shells almost like our root component.
It just has like the basic markup,
minimum styling, and
it's just a container for
other UI components or other containers.
Whereas a UI component or a presentational
component is gonna be things like
the input form that we
made with a button and
like all the other things that we make,
pretty much everything,
there's not a container things
that are like you are related.
So, I just have folders to separate
those two different types of components.
So again containers are probably
things we're gonna be routing to,
navigating to and are just containers,
empty shells, and
UI components are pretty
much everything else.
So it's a really good pattern in Redux is
to have your containers have all the state
and actions is passed them down to the UI
components where the UI components just
stateless and don't know anything just
like the to-do form that we made.
It just didn't know anything.
We passed everything to it via props,
that was a UI component.
Whereas the to-do component itself was
the container component where it knew
everything.
It had the state, it had the props,
it had the actions and
it just passed it to
all own UI components.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Are these containers
also known as higher order components?
>> Scott Moss: No, a higher order
component is actually when we use.
>> Speaker 2: Like provider.
>> Scott Moss: Almost,
a higher order to part is like connect.
So when we use connect and
connect returns a new component,
that's a higher order component.
A higher order opponent is just
a component that wraps another component,
that's it,
it's just a quick way to do a mix it.
So like for instance if we wanted to
add some functionality to this welcome
component, we would make another
component that would wrap this and
do things inside of this component's
life cycle hooks or something like that.
That's a higher order component.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so yeah, and
then yeah, let's go run this very quick.
>> Scott Moss: Wrong app,
I got like ten apps on here.
There it is, so
here's what mine looks like.
It's just a white screen
with a welcome screen.
It looks exactly like the design.
[LAUGH] Except everybody's like,
it's just exactly like the design.
So I got the button,
Log your fitness, all that stuff.
Yeah, and all I did here was,
I mean I'll go through here,
but it's just a whole bunch of views and
text.
It's really nothing,
not the fancy in here.
I just flexed it and
changed everything blue.
That's it, I didn't do anything else.
There's no navigation.
I don't even have Redux hooked up to this.
I'm not using connect anywhere.
So that was that was basically all I did.
I just got the Redux thing started.
I got our provider ready
with the store ready.
But I'm not even using it yet.
And I just went ahead and
just made this look kinda closer to
the design but not quite there yet.
And that's all I did.